Education Bachelor's in CS from a tier-1 university in India
Years of Experience 3.5
Prior Experience Product Based
Company Cred
Title/Level Official title: Backend Engineer, which maps to SDE II. Open titles.
Fixed Salary ₹ 38,00,000
Joining Bonus N/A (Cred doesn't do any bonuses)
Stock bonus ₹ 13,50,000 Series C over 4 years. Cred is a startup. Expected to be 5-15x in a few years.
Target Bonus N/A (Everything is fixed)
Total Comp (Salary + Bonus + Stock): 41,37,500 yearly, 38L liquid
Date of offer Q1 2021
Other Benefits One of the best health insurances, Salary at the starting of the month, Buyback opportunities and standard benefits
Competing offers at the time: Gojek. After few more interviews,
Competing offer: Amazon
Competing offer: Uber
Competing offer: Atlassian
I also see that there was no offer data for Cred publically available on either Leetcode or Blind etc. Initially hesitant, I thought it's best to share it for the benefit of the community since I personally had a hard time gathering data points. Hope it helps folks who are interviewing.
Also, if your Credit score is less than 750, you are not going to be considered. Highly focussed on trust and creating a trust based culture which starts with the employee itself. Good interview experience. Tons of learnings. Very friendly recruiters.
Edit: I'm glad to see so many upvotes. Thank you. Equally glad to see that some of the newer offer posts are documented in a tabular fashion like mine. Guess I just started a best practice on an offer markdown template haha. Previous offer posts were unreadable.
Interview Experience at Cred
Coding round Medium-Hard | 2 hours. It's like a machine coding round. They give a wide open ended statement and you need to implement and demo (possibly all) of their features. I had to implement a column oriented kv store like HBase. Focus was given on clean, modular, testable code.
Data structures Easy | 1.5 hours. 2 problems on binary search, basic 1D DP. Interviewers were very friendly. They wanted working, running code for some reason. So I chose Python instead of C++ for my quick prototype of the algorithm. It ran in the first pass.
System design round Medium After 1 hour of problem solving, they also included system design in the same meeting. This was a long round. I used my favourite tool for showcasing my System design skills. Interviewers were more focussed on schema, failure cases, idempotency, data de duplication and whether it's feasible to build at Cred.
Hiring Manager Hard I call this hard because I could not bond with the HM and I am a strong communicator. It seemed as if the HM lacked some basic empathy for other systems. Other than that, his experience was vast and I was grilled on why I wanted to join Cred and leave current company. My entire journey. Challenges, difficult situations, the impact I have created etc.
My learnings: Get ready with your stories backed with data points. Have sufficient in depth examples. The hiring manager round was the toughest for me.