I was being interviewed for SE 2 where 1 round had DS plus design and other 2 rounds were purely design.
After that HM round was purely into specific technologies (Which I feel that it should be on concept instead of expecting from candidate that they might have used it)
So HM round seemed to be not that convincing but I got offer.
Education: BTech IT
Years of Experience: 8+
Prior Experience: 5+ years with Adobe, 2+ years with Verizon Hyd
Date of the Offer: 23/03/2021
Company: Microsoft
Title/Level: SE 2/L61
Location: Hyderabad
Salary: 27 LPA
Relocation: 1 Month Salary
Signing Bonus: 5 Lacs (3+2)
Stock bonus: 75000 USD
Bonus: (0-20%) Around 5 lacs
Total comp (Salary + Bonus + Stock): 50,52,000 LPA
Benefits: Didn't want to listen after this offer
Other detail
Questions in Hyderabad:
First Round:
Find two numbers in array with given target sum
Second Round:
Design Google Drive
Third Round:
Design Elevator
Questions asked in Noida Drive
First Round:
Word break II
Find number in row column sorted matrix
Second Round:
Max substring length with K distinct character
Design text justification in MS word.
Third Round
Design infinite tic tac toe
Design auto-complete feature
Considering my experience and college, on't know how they can ignore all these things, and above of all when I said that it is very low considering my experience so he said that experience is not the only thing.
I said I need time I am waiting MS noida and PayPal offer but 61 is very low.
On this he tried pressurizing me by getting angry that how can you apply for 2 locations, offer for other one will be freezer and you will only have one offer. I said how can I decide on Noida's one if I don't even get to see the numbers in case it gets freezed.
On this he said that numbers will be same, I was like what he is saying. Level of interview was different, panel was different, team is different so how come the numbers will be same.
This is the way they treat candidates just to ensure that they get hired in such a low package and struggle inside to grow.
Please suggest what should I do, can it be possible that he might manipulate other offer (I had already discussed this with Noida's HR that I have just completed Hyderabad's event so can I again give the interviews on which she said yes