Education: Tier-2 college in India
Years of Experience: 0
Prior Experience: 3 Internships ( >1 YOE)
Date of the Offer: August 2021
Company: Google
Title/Level: L3
Location: Not finalized (Bangalore/Hyderabad)
Salary: INR 16.8L
Stock bonus: ~INR 8L per year
Other Bonus: INR 1.5L Signing Bonus + INR 2.7L Performance based
Total comp (Salary + Bonus + Stock): ~31L
Benefits: Noogler cap and company tag ;)
Other details:
it was an on-campus offer
Preperation Level: Rated < 1000 globally on Leetcode in contests. I'm not high rated in any of the CP platforms. Don't have any outstanding projects or subject knowledge which fortunately google dosen't ask.
Hiring Rounds Structure: 1 coding round + 3 technical interviews
Kindly feel free to ask any related queries in comments, I'll answer them for sure.
FAQ:
Q: What's my strategy to do well in LeetCode contests ? (though, I still don't consider myself good)
A: It was slow progression from doing 2 at a time to doing 3 and then 4. I make sure not to miss any contests and if I miss, I give them as virtual contests.
I think what matters is what we do after the contests:
For the problems I couldn't solve: I upsolve them by trying on my own for some more time or reading the discussions.
For problems I solved within time: I still read the discussions and learn from other LCers. Some, make me feel so dumb :P. This opens up a plethora of techniques and approaches which we would never know otherwise.
I also spend some time analysing where I could've saved time and solve with a cleaner and efficient approach. Most of times, I re-write the solutions accordingly and make submissions post contest.
Q: Is Leetcode sufficient for Google ? How did I prepare ?
A: Yes, I believe LC practice will be sufficient to crack coding rounds provided you practise enough that you are comfortable with LC hard problems and consistently solve 3-4 problems in LC contests. You can maybe take this as a metric to evaluate if you got there.
However, I would recommend you to practise on codeforces and CSES problemset to get good in the game.
For practising,
My primary source was the top interview questions list on Leetcode
Apart from that, I focused on some advanced topics (segment tree, bit tree, divide and conquer) and solved them topic-wise on Leetcode.
Rest of my solved problems are from contests. Regarding, how I practised for contests, I made a separate section in the post.
I follow the 30 minutes rule while solving LC problems. I try for 30 minutes without any help and if I'm not able to get any close to solving, I stop spending more time and go to discussions page. Obviously, we can't apply this for ongoing contest problems.
Hope that helps!
Note: I'm a novice who's about to enter the professional world. There are more experienced people out there who's advices are much valuable and also some great write-ups out there in the "Discuss" section. Kindly take my writings with second thought and as my personal suggestions.