Worst Management ever saw in IT company, the upper or top level management of India team or So called guy who manages India team, thinks that he is the real owner here, and he wants to take control of everything and, everyone should work according to him.
He thinks that Fox, is his own company, and he never think about the employees and tries to create difference between teammates.
He think himself as the ruthless tyrant of FOX.
HR is another character here, that HR never wants another person to join the company and she wants to do all shit like TA, HRBP, finance and at the end she became a perfect Ekta kapoor serial bahu, where she always portrays that she is in a bad situation in front of everyone but she also teamed up with the so called head, to punish everyone.
She never worked for a good company and even she don't what is the full of HR.
Whenever a tech discussion is going on, he speaks out something sense less thing and irritating and try put up some new tactics to bring down the morale of the team.
He and his team seriously thinks that he is the boss of whole FOX and do whatever he wants and no body gets to know about this.
He and some of his pawns from his ex-companies and also the HR person(who never worked in a product based org.) creates a unnecessary nuisance in the whole India team, because of them everyone is leaving the org in the time gap of 1-2 years.
He is like come to office at 2am in the morning and support the work, even if it is not required.
The same person never thought of employees, even employee parents who are in Hospitals, he wants to have a video call with them at the same time to mentally torcher them, how mean or pathetic person he is, never thought of a person who can do such cheap trick in such time.
He complains about the employees who are going against him, so in future if the same employees complains about him, then HR(from US) can say that the so called HEAD , already complained or spoken about you.
All the Managers or Directors in Fox are seriously looks like they are from non tech background, they didn't found a proper tech manager or director, except one or two.
Employees should admire the Leaders, but this guy(so called Head) is jealous of everyone, poke every one with unnecessary things, every time create a nuisance in team meetings, he is neither a technical person nor people manager.
He and his so called supporters from his last employer or last to last employer thinks that this is their own company and they can do anything whatever they want and seriously they did that and still doing it.
Work life balance is worst because of this guy and his fans