Title: Software Development Engineer 2 (PWA)
Department :ANI TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED - Software Engineering - Software Engineering
Location: BENGALURU
Office Location: OLA Campus -Prestige RMZ Startech - Bengaluru
Apply Link : https://ola.skillate.com/jobs/2307?referralKey=230747345c17b44a0-53f7-4532-a9e7-57abd2b25c39
Grade: 15-Assistant Manager-L3
Employment Type :Full-time
No of Positions :2
External Description :
● Job Title: Software Development Engineer 2 (Frontend)● Department: Software Engineering ● Business Unit: Mobility India● Reporting to: Senior Director - Engineering ● About Company: Ola is India’s largest mobility platform and one of the world’s largest ride-hailing companies, serving 250+ cities across India, Australia, New Zealand, and the UK. The Ola app offers mobility solutions by connecting customers to drivers and a wide range of vehicles across bikes, auto-rickshaws, metered taxis, and cabs, enabling convenience and transparency for hundreds of millions of consumers and over 1.5 million driver-partners. Its electric-vehicle arm, Ola Electric, supplements Ola’s core mobility offering in India; India’s largest fleet management business, Ola Fleet Technologies and Ola Skilling that aims to enable millions of livelihood opportunities for India's youth. With its acquisition of Ridlr, India’s leading public transportation app and investment in Vogo, a dockless scooter sharing solution, Ola is looking to build mobility for the next billion Indians. Ola also extends its consumer offerings like micro-insurance and credit led payments through Ola Financial Services and a range of owned food brands through India’s largest network of kitchens under its Food business. Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati founded Ola in 2011 with a mission to build mobility for a billion people. For more details, visit www.olacabs.com/media ● About Role:
Code, develop and design features related to the existing application. We expect you to own sub-modules/modules end to end and take pride in the work products you ship.
Lead from the front, when it comes to delivering high-quality work products. Serve as a mentor to the team members
Create and define performance metrics. Ideate, innovate, and hack through the existing systems to improve performance.
Perform code reviews, set coding practices and guidelines within the team.
Make sense of the product specs; be nimble in getting the issues resolved.
● Experience:
No. of years: 4-6 years
Type of experience - development experience in a product firm.
Must have designed at least 1 project in his previous assignments
Should be ready to work as a Full Stack engineer, although relevant experience is not mandatory.
● Educational Qualifications:
Must have - Engineering Degree from an institute of repute
● Key competencies:
Proficiency in the implementation of algorithms and the use of advanced data structures to solve problems in computing. A solid foundation in the principles of computer science is desired.
Ability to write clean, modular, and loosely coupled code by the use of design patterns.
Strong decision-making ability
Strong Problem Solving and debugging/troubleshooting skills.
Should be able to design and deliver new features in existing systems. Example - Build a Car Document Compliance Engine.
● Software/Tools System Exposure:
Expertise in JavaScript, HTML & CSS.
Hands-on experience with Vue.JS / React.JS.
Experience with Node.JS & PWAs good to have.