Experience: 4.5+ years
Education: Tier2 , 2018 passout , ECE graduate
Current Compensation: 33L Base + ESOPs as SDE2 Backend
Current Org: B2B SaaS startup , good company but limits on compensation
Expectations before switch - 45+ Base
Decided to switch in January after bad appraisals , preapared DSA for 10 days and HLD-LLD for 10 days.
My current work had a good exposure of HLD and LLD , so didn't have to put exhaustive efforts into preaparing for design rounds.
Started applying in Feb and this is where fun began , applied to mroe than 500 companies but was getting very few responses , those who were responding were ghosting after first round or trying to lowball
First Phase - Interviewed at Fampay (experience), BharatPe , BigBasket , Sensibull (experience), Clarisights (experience), Anakin , Enterpret in the first Phase .
Few of them rejected , few of them ghosted. Cleared 2 companies - Fampay and Anakin but none of them was offering remotely close to my expectations.
Seconda Phase - Approached by a few more companies in my second phase but very few offering 40+ base , did not take interviews at companies which were not ready for 40+. Interviewed at Atlan(experience) , Motive (experience) , TekionCorp (experience) and a UK based very early stage startup.
Cracked the UK based startup , was a very good opportunity.
First offer - 43 Base + 2 Variable + relatively large ESOPs as it was early stage startup
Resigned with notice period 45 days
Phase 3 - Aggresively started wih Phase3
PhonePe (experience) , Sharechat(experience) , Coinbase , Wayfair , Twillio , LevelAI and a mid size startup
was approached by multiple other companies but declined many of them because either they weren't that good or compensation wasn't good enough
Second offer - 48 Base + 2 Variable + ESOPs from another mid size startup
Phonepe rejected after First salary discussion saying not good enough LLD skills(no feedback) , but anyways they weren't offering above 45 Base
Sharechat Offer - 40 Base + 4 Variable + 4 Joining Bonus . Had told sharechat that my expectations are 50+ , still wasted my time interviewing here
Couldn't clear coinbase , but they would've offered 70L+ (~43 base + RSUs) , only company giving more than my final offer in hand but I couldn't crack it :(
Joined that mid sized startup with final offer - 48 base + 2 variable + ESOPs , tried to stretch it further but there wasn't any other offer backing it
Lessons Learned - 
Negotiate Hard , Have multiple offers , Don't get lowballed (Very Important as many companies are trying to leverage market situation) .
Instead of getting overwhelmed , focus on One step , One interview , One Company at a time .Learn from each interview and Grind for the next one.  
Your 2-3 months of efforts would make a huge difference .
Frankly a very few careers in the world offer such ROI on your efforts So be grateful for that and GRIND.