Education: B.E (CSE) from Tier-4 College
Years of Experience: 5 years
Current Experience: Small Scale Indian Service Based Company in Bangalore (Bengaluru)
Current CTC: Rs.16L ( Rs. 13L[Base] + Rest in performance bonus, Insurance, PF/Gratuity, etc)
Current Location: Office in Bangalore, but Work From Home(As of today)
Date of the Offer: Jan 2023
Interview Process: 4 Technical and 1 HR (Complete Process took around 40 days)
Interview Experience: https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-experience/3812632/Eli-Lilly-or-Engineer-II-or-Bangalore-or-December-2022-Passed-Offer-Released-Rejected-Offer
Company: Eli Lilly
Title/Level: Engineer II
Location: Bangalore (Bengaluru)
Hybrid: 2 days office, 3 days work from home
Salary: Rs. 16L
Relocation: Rs. 0
Signing Bonus: Rs. 2L
Stock bonus: Rs. 0
PF/Gratuity: 1.15L
Bonus: Rs. 2.5L
Other: Rs. 50K
Total comp (Salary + Bonus + Stock + PF/Gratuity): Rs.20L
Benefits: 32 paid vacation days + 9 paid sick leave days(accumulation upto 90 days) + 12 paid National holidays
Other Benefts: Free Lunch, Term Insurance 3 times the CTC, health insurance 5 L, Accidental Insurance at 3 times the CTC (All these insurance not added in CTC)
Other details: Tried to negotiat once with the HR but HR was like we are amoung the biggest companies we have set of salary rules,etc etc, so Rejected the offer within a week.
Positive:
Interviewers were good, even people with 20+ years of experience who interviewed me were talking very properly with no arrogance or ego.
Personal time off, that is, holidays is good, and from Glassdoor and Ambitionbox, got to know Work Life Balance is good with amazing holidays polics.
Negative:
HR seems to be fixed on the compentation(not even negotiating over 1L increase in base), where as before the interviews started I told my expectation was more than 22L.
Glassdoor and Ambitionbox growth seems to be slow, despite working on good tech stack.
Signing Bonus is given on first salary but clause is 24 months, that is, is you resign before 24 month you need to pay back 2L of Signing Bonus(even the tax that you have paid on Signing Bonus)