Description
Role: Software Development Engineer Intern
Experience: Fresher(7th Semester now)
Location: Bangalore,India
CTC: 12 LPA (Full Time)
First of all I would like to thank this amazing beautiful Leetcode Community for helping me boost up my problem solving skills.I have been doing Full stack with Flutter, Node.js, Kotlin, MongoDB and Docker in the development side for a year now.
From 0 experience with DSA in august to a good Product based company in November,I came a long way
to crack this interview. I started solving problems in Leetcode in August,I started with section wise problems and after that I solved random Easy-Medium Problems.I took Abdul Bari's DSA Course in Udemy to brush up my DSA skills along side solving Leetcode problems. I used to spend 3-4 hours on Leetcode solving problems.
Interview Details:
The Interview consisted of 3 rounds:
Hackerank Round
It consisted on 3 problems i.e 1 easy(array) and 2 Medium Problems(Linked List and Strings) problems.
1 DBMS problem for Writing a Schema for the given question.
Technical Round 1
The Interviewer grilled me on scenario based questions regarding the practo app,HTTP requests,REST Api,Few Database question and Finally 1 Live coding question that I had to solve by sharing my screen.
Backspace String Comparison
https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare/
I had already solved this question but forgot the approach so started from a Brute force solution that worked
for test case that she gave me,later she gave me a counter test case for which my program didn't work. After
few minutes of thinking I came up with a optimized Stack solution and she was happy with my solution.
Next she asked me to design a Flight Database for MakeMyTrip which I was able to do too.
After 1 hour, I got a mail that I got shortlisted for round 2 which was in an hour too.
Technical Round 2
The interview was taken by a senior software developer of the company.This round was completely focused
on my development skills where he grilled me on my projects,Android based Questions where I had to design
a NoSQL database for a Chat Messaging App where he kept on adding Functionalities and I was able to
answer those.Then he asked me android Canvas based questions where he asked me to detect whether 2
rectangles drawn on screen are overlapping or not.This interview went for an hour.
After 1 week, I got a mail that I got selected for the Internship and I will be joining this January.
Pretty Excited.
Thank you Leetcode!